We recently eliminated services using http calls to other services to validate product status/stock using @docs/cart-product_decouple_plan_v2.md. The point of this was stay relatively close to the SAGA pattern architecture that we are attempting to leverage.  As I started testing this some problems became obvious with the implementation.  In no particular order they are:
1. The implementation of internal/contracts/events/cart_validation.go does not seem workable to me due to the way it only leverages one topic.  This violates the SAGA pattern.  The cart service will only ever write to the CartEvents topic, it will never read it.  The product service will only ever write to the ProductEvents topic.  The currently implementation would ask the product-service to write to CartEvents and then expect the cart service to then read CartEvents - neither of which will ever happen.
2. In support of the first point, the cart service should only ever write Cart events to tell other services that a cart was created, a cart was checked out, and perhaps an item was added to a cart, or an item was removed from a cart and then let other services react to those events and then create their own events.  In this case, perhaps the product service, or perhaps a new  and separate inventory service or product-validation service sees that an item was added to a cart by subscribing to that event, and then performs an inventory check, validation of the product, etc. and then writes a product.validated event or some other type of event to the ProductEvents topic or some new topic that the Cart service is subscribed to and it can then act accordingly and send an SSE event to the front-end.
3. Another flaw that I am seeing is that we are having to customize the timing of how often outbox tables need to be scanned to publish those events.  There could be unecessary delays due to batch size or the batch process interval.  This seems a bit hacky.

My goals are to leverage the SAGA pattern so that services are not tightly coupled, while at the same time allow for optimal processing of events so that front-end processes are not waiting for a timer or some batch process to finish. Having separate contracts like internal/contracts/events/cart-validation.go seem like an abomination to me - events should belong to one and only one service.

With all that said, what are your suggestions to improve the current implementation? How should we approach this in order to keep the architecture clean and performant?  We do not have to stick with what we have.  I am not interested in backward compatability and am open to changing things to make this better and idiomatic. Do not give me your first answer.  Create an internal rubric and go through and compare/contrast multiple options and then provide me with those options along with your recommendation for how this can be improved while adhering to the goals and thoughts listed above.  If they are unrealistic (and I think that they are not), say so and why.  Be sure to adhere to the requirements and guidance outlined in @AGENTS.md.
